mercy upon me O God according to thy
loving kindness according to the
multitude of that tender mercies blot
out my transgression wash me thoroughly
from my iniquity and cleanse me from my
sin for I acknowledge my transgression
my sin is ever before me against thee
thee only have I sinned and done this
evil in thy sight that thou madis just
be justified when thou speaketh and be
clear when thou judges behold I was
shapen in iniquity and in sin did my
mother conceive me behold out his eyes
truth in the n word parts a man and in
the hidden park thou shalt make me to
know wisdom hurts me from my
with hyssop and I shall be clean wash me
and I shall be whiter than snow make me
to no joy hide thy face from my sins and
blot out mine iniquities create in me a
clean heart O God and renew a right
spirit within me cast me not away from
thy presence and take not thy Holy
Spirit from me restore unto me the joy
of my salvation and uphold me with that
spirit then will I teach transgressors
thy ways and sinners shall be converted
unto thee deliver me from my blood
guiltiness Oh God thou God of my
salvation and my tongue shall sing aloud
of thy righteousness o Lord open down my
lips and my mouth shall show forth i
preach for thou desires my sacrifices
would i give it from the delight not in
burnt offerings the sacrifice of god is
broken spirit and a broken and contrite
heart O God thou will not despise god
Bless You 17 verses fit reversal come
from Romans chapter 12
first one I've is seek you therefore
brethren by the mercies of God that you
present your bodies a living sacrifice
holy acceptable unto God which is your
reasonable service and be not conformed
to this world but be ye transformed by
the renewing of your mind that you may
prove what is that good and acceptable
and perfect will of God
also in Romans chapter 13 verses 11 and
the few of the following and that
knowing the time
that now it is high time to awake out of
our sleep for now is our salvation
nearer than we then when we believe the
night is far spent the day that have let
us therefore cast off the works of
darkness let us put on the armor of
light let us walk honestly as in the day
not in rioting and drunkenness not in
chambering and wantonness not in strife
and envying but put ye on the Lord Jesus
Christ and make not provision for the
flesh to fulfill the lusts thereof a
mega book psalms psalms 107 beginning at
verse 15 all that men would praise the
Lord for His goodness and for the
wonderful works to the children of men
but he has broken the gates of brass and
cut the bars of iron in sunder fools
because of their transgressions and
because of their iniquities are
afflicted their souls of horath all
manner of meat they draw near unto the
gray the gates of death then they cry
unto the Lord in their trouble and he
saith them out of their distress he sent
His Word and healed them and delivered
them from their destructions oh that man
would praise the lord for his
ness and for his wonderful works to the
children of men and let them sacrifice
the sacrifices of Thanksgiving and
declare his works with rejoicing they
that go down into the sea in ships that
do business in Great Waters v's see the
works of the lord and his wonders in the
deep the Word of God is blessing verse
33 through verses 36 all the depth of
the riches both of the wisdom and
knowledge of God how unsearchable are
his judgments and his ways past being
finding out for who had known the mind
of the Lord or who had been his
counselor or who had first given to him
and it shall be recompense unto him
again for of him and through him and to
him are all things to glory to whom be
glory forever a man